Larger screen thinner profile
metal edges but always with the
same rectangular design if you're
tired of seeing more of the same as soon as
to smartphones this video is
for you how are you greeted by vanessa
hand orellana of cinema in Spanish and today
I have the phone list with
clearer designs let's start with the
number 5 and the phone that inspired this
list the samsung galaxy s 6 edge because
two curves are better than one already
difference of note 4 in the curves of
this new samsung flagship phone
they extend on both sides of their
screen have certain functions
specific to the curve but it is also
almost identical to the traditional s 6 though
you know how the curves
and they take a less visual advantage to the
competition number 4 other phone
curvilinear the flex 2 chip of the gym with
its arched and semi flexible silhouette this
phone has an even crazier design
that the previous one is not as handsome as the
s 66 but it costs you more than 100 dollars
less and it comes with an 8 processor
64-bit cores and the most recent
version of android lollipop 5.0 though
the purpose of that curve does not fit me
clear and maybe they did not want them
will go to the iphone 6 plus and what
they turned from one to the base of the pocket
back and with that we went to number 3 on
op o n 3 if you love celtics
surely this attention
strange phone instead of having two
cameras one front and one rear east
phone has one that rotates according to
the subject means that you can take
all your photos with the super camera
16 megapixels
the concept sounds interesting but in
reality is too strange
to my liking and the phone feels
heavy and uncomfortable in the pocket and the
number two how is this yota phone with
double screen
héctor star wars and is not the conte
The phone's main screen is 5
inches on your list while
back is electronic ink in
black and white the idea is that you use
the back to read and review your
basic alerts to keep the
device battery when you use
the main one has good intentions
but already in practice I do not know how useful
is to have the two screens especially
considering that it is the most expensive of this
list but without a doubt the craziest has
that being the bronx and bolt is a
device with design as weird as his
name and although it has the same
basic functions of a telephone
intelligent traditional claims to be the
anti smartphone that is the one of the
bothersome tools instead of
show you notifications on the screen
shows you bubbles of different
colors and sizes so you do not have that
urgency of
and check them at all times I doubt that
let's start to see more round phones
but at least it falls well a bit
diversity and there they have five
phones that dared to challenge
the traditional design rules
Write me a message with more of your
rare phones that have seen and do not
forget to visit without net dotcom
ls for more toxic like this until the
next